Remove `...` ellipsis from query syntax and add explicit adjacency operator (#1030)
NomicFoundation/slang: .changeset/gentle-shirts-deliver.md

---
"@nomicfoundation/slang": minor
---

> Remove the ellipsis query operator making it implicit, add an adjacency operator and make queries ignore trivia nodes.

Reviewer: I suggest splitting this into two different changeset files:

```suggestion
Tree Query Language: remove the ellipsis query `...` operator making it implicit, add an adjacency operator `.`.

Tree Query Language: queries now ignore trivia nodes.
```
